README.md, before:

# zsync-curl [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/AppImage/zsync-curl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/AppImage/zsync-curl) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/7cc91ba6387242babafbe2a5be4648bf)](https://www.codacy.com/app/probonopd/zsync-curl?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=AppImage/zsync-curl&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

Partial/differential file download client over HTTP(S).

![](https://openclipart.org/image/256px/svg_to_png/74173/sync.png)

Downloads a file over HTTP(S). zsync uses a control file to determine whether any blocks in the file are already known to the downloader, and only downloads the new blocks. 

This fork uses [libcurl](http://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/) in order to support __HTTPS__ and is mirrored from [Launchpad](https://launchpad.net/zsync-curl). It has been further modified to respond more gracefully to redirects.

## Building

To build and install locally:
```
sudo apt-get -y install git devscripts autotools-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev
git clone https://github.com/AppImage/zsync-curl.git
./zsync-curl/build.sh
```

To build a deb:

```
sudo apt-get -y install autotools-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev git debhelper devscripts
git clone https://github.com/AppImage/zsync-curl.git
cd ./zsync-curl/src
debuild -i -us -uc -b
cd -
```

## Usage

To download:

```
zsync_curl https://bintray.com/artifact/download/probono/AppImages/Leafpad-0.8.17-x86_64.AppImage.zsync
```

To download using a pre-existing seed file (e.g., older version of the same file):

```
zsync_curl https://bintray.com/artifact/download/probono/AppImages/Scribus-1.5.1.svn.20620-x86_64.AppImage.zsync -i Scribus-1.5.1.svn.20616-x86_64.AppImage
```

In this example, 94% of the data can be taken from the existing local file, and only 6% need to be downloaded.

## Projects using zsync-curl

* https://github.com/AppImage/AppImageUpdate
* https://github.com/apachelogger/kde-os-autoinst

Commit message:

add toplevel cmake file; document how to build with cmake

README.md, after:

# zsync-curl [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/AppImage/zsync-curl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/AppImage/zsync-curl) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/7cc91ba6387242babafbe2a5be4648bf)](https://www.codacy.com/app/probonopd/zsync-curl?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=AppImage/zsync-curl&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

Partial/differential file download client over HTTP(S).

![](https://openclipart.org/image/256px/svg_to_png/74173/sync.png)

Downloads a file over HTTP(S). zsync uses a control file to determine whether any blocks in the file are already known to the downloader, and only downloads the new blocks. 

This fork uses [libcurl](http://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/) in order to support __HTTPS__ and is mirrored from [Launchpad](https://launchpad.net/zsync-curl). It has been further modified to respond more gracefully to redirects.

## Building

### Building with cmake

To build and install locally:
```
cmake -B build
cmake --build build
cmake --install build
```

### Building the 'classic' way

To build and install locally:
```
sudo apt-get -y install git devscripts autotools-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev
git clone https://github.com/AppImage/zsync-curl.git
./zsync-curl/build.sh
```

To build a deb:

```
sudo apt-get -y install autotools-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev git debhelper devscripts
git clone https://github.com/AppImage/zsync-curl.git
cd ./zsync-curl/src
debuild -i -us -uc -b
cd -
```

## Usage

To download:

```
zsync_curl https://bintray.com/artifact/download/probono/AppImages/Leafpad-0.8.17-x86_64.AppImage.zsync
```

To download using a pre-existing seed file (e.g., older version of the same file):

```
zsync_curl https://bintray.com/artifact/download/probono/AppImages/Scribus-1.5.1.svn.20620-x86_64.AppImage.zsync -i Scribus-1.5.1.svn.20616-x86_64.AppImage
```

In this example, 94% of the data can be taken from the existing local file, and only 6% need to be downloaded.

## Projects using zsync-curl

* https://github.com/AppImage/AppImageUpdate
* https://github.com/apachelogger/kde-os-autoinst
